So we already created one command line for this.
So now we are going to create one solid web application platform using this symmetric key encryption
and decryption.
So considering I'm using encryption part and decryption part in the same interface for my purpose,
for the project purpose to display, it's working.
But what you can do, you can create two different programs for such things, and you can display it
like that only.
So let me show you how we are going to perform.
This is my NetBeans IDE Apache and it means IDE.
You can choose this or you can choose Intel ID for web development also, but preferably for web development.
If you want to simplify this, you better go with NetBeans instead of using intelligent.
So hit enter to new project would be java web application or I'm giving them as.
Encryption app.
My name for this kid next to your server.
I'm choosing glass v server java eight eve context bot view and hit enter next.
Don't specify anything.
If you want to specify my application with spring web, go with this.
Otherwise never give anything so it will create project for us.
Default project for us.
So wait for some time.
It will work.
So okay, so now we're done with our encryption part.
So this is indexed HTML and this in my index HTML and you may find all these things here, source packages,
these things and all the things still manifest here.
So let me delete this because.
Also discord in the web pages.
We never required these things delete indexed also because I'm going with JSP pages, java solid pages.
So now what I require I'm going to create here one filter.
So what is the filter in the default package?
You can create new packages also java package.
So let me mention one java package as and start to encrypt.
Okay.
In this encryptor, i'm going to create a new other thing.
What is other thing I'm going to mention?
I'm going to create filter here.
Next name it says in group filter.
I'm going to mention in group filter.
Then he tenderness add smell.
Oh.
And I need to give the.
Enter at least when you are eating.
So I need to enter this also write request package code.
Everything is mentioned here.
Filter mapping, so I need to change the filter mappings.
So I need to mention this next.
CORNISH So in the encryptor, I created one filter.
A filter is nothing.
But you can say all the things are already mentioned here.
So this package and delete these 20 lines.
Because it always comes with some importance.
So let me.
Also Java.
So let's is showing me the error.
Let me tell you why it's showing me the error.
First, let me add library java, which is Java X.
And if you haven't installed it, my suggestion is already download that Java X Library.
So I already added Java X in my part.
So.
Wait a minute.
I added a little wrong like.
Our Job Board folder java extended to.
And you do many Java effects.
Effects for Java effects.
You think so?
It will take care of this part.
Java X.
And what I'm going to create here is to remove these parts.
And need to remove some part.
And let me tell you why I'm doing this later.
Let it be here.
But let me.
Me.
Because this is not no longer required.
The right chord part and everything dimension.
It's not always working.
Then we cities.
This is the filter, basically.
Let me do one thing.
There are a lot of things that may remove all the things you're currently and.
Let me add my teams here first.
So I created different things.
So let me implement my own things here.
And it.
Package name.
In.
Three.
And let me implement some methods.
So you.
Then let me.
I used your another thing, so let me mention these things also.
So this is just filter thing?
No.
Then log file.
It needs to change.
So change it accordingly.
I will tell you what is this is doing and everything.
So this is just a filter.
With filter info.
With all the message.
And everything.
So now we're done with this thing, but we require the one page or we can say JSP.
Let me mention JSP as index.
You can finish.
Because the next JSP is very important here.
Check whether your file is added in web XML.
So.
There is no way dot xml or creator, so we need to create this way.
Broad xml also.
In later part, we will update our decryptor and everything.
If you hit the properties.
You got the idea about all the properties.
So let me add index page also here.
So this is so late.
I'm adding with my.
And.
But.
Encryption.
So we created this.
Now, let me tell you what we are missing.
We created one filter thing, but.
If you check.
Let me check whether.
There is an option.
Okay.
So I made one mistake.
Here.
Basically.
It's a very huge mistake, actually.
I haven't added him.
We brought X-Men, so let me create one filter which encrypt.
Good.
Next.
I had information.
Click next.
Okay, finish.
So now it will edit that part in my me.
Copy my card again.
The thing is, I need to refactor this file.
Also rename.
What I haven't done, which is encrypt filtering.
Because I read in the web broadcast and that's a very huge mistake read that if it.
So.
Wait.
Showing me the error.
Okay.
So it will take time to detect this.
It's not showing me here, but showing here.
So in the XML you may check the filters added if you want to check our filter is working or not pressed
clean and we'll go to windows and output tools.
You can check here, but let me tell you what is.
The encryption filter is working here.
So it is just like a back end part with filtration part like I'm adding what I'm going to do.
I'm going to create one database in Java for creating log file in Java file only to store all these
encryption keys.
Okay.
So as you can see, build is successful if I enter new.
OC on Java DBS location not set.
I don't want.
Basically in that location also.
Starting my glass server.
So it will take time for some time, but it will work.
So in the next part, what I'm going to do is show you I already created this.
In the next part, what I'm going to create, I'm going to create one filter or front in part for this
purpose, to create one response, response and everything.
And I'm again going to use filter thing and remember why I'm using filter instead of creating directly
servlet.
So let's can easily.
Anyone can check that part but the filter thing no one can change easily.
So it's currently running and starting.
For me all this over.
It's working.
Move back address only.
So for the first time deployment, it will take time.
After that, it will really give you the starting server program.
So.
Left me running.
And while it's running, let me tell you what is this thing?
So instead of using directly these things.
So let what I can do.
I can create one filter.
And filter.
It's just like filter the information.
So there is one mesh in filters.
As you can see, there are different log methods also to store in one file with Java WebLogic, similar
as you can see.
So that's mapping thing I created.
But that simple thing I'm going to do.
So currently different frameworks are deploying and it's been their own work and it's in place of deployment.
So remember, you have to always add, I made a mistake.
I won't take that part in that way.
So what I performed is, as you can see, not very wrong, but you need to create another web project
on your own.
So.
That's very.
Not good thing to perform again and again.
Currently.
It's still working.
Build successful and it's working.
No, wait a minute.
I understood.
Okay.
Now you can kick over the encryption as it is working and move into application.
So we move this part.
Now in the further part, what I'm going to create, I'm going to create an XML and editing index and
editing part in later.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.